Refactor ballerina packages learn pages (#3412)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/guides/publishing-packages-to-ballerina-central.md

 - /learn/publishing-packages-to-ballerina-central
---

> Dependencies used in a package are Ballerina library packages. A library package can be created with the `bal new` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dependencies used in a package are Ballerina library packages. A library package can be created by executing the `bal new` command.
```
